feat: Add terraform module (#198)
canonical/argo-operators: charms/argo-controller/terraform/README.md

# Terraform module for argo-controller

This is a Terraform module facilitating the deployment of argo-controller charm, using the [Terraform juju provider](https://github.com/juju/terraform-provider-juju/). For more information, refer to the provider [documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs). 

## Requirements
This module requires a `juju` model to be available. Refer to the [usage section](#usage) below for more details.

## Inputs
The module offers the following configurable inputs:

| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| - | - | - | - |
| `app_name`| string | Application name | False |
| `channel`| string | Channel that the charm is deployed from | False |
| `config`| map(string) | Map of the charm configuration options | False |

> | `model_name`| string | Name of the model that the charm is deployed on | True |

Reviewer: question - does this conflict with the section on Integrating in a higher-level module

Author: Why would that be? The way I view, this presents the module's "API" while `Integrating in a higher-level module` presents a usage example/template.

Author: Updated the README to reflect this information

| `resources`| map(number) | Map of charm resources revisions | False |
| `revision`| number | Revision number of the charm name | False |

## Outputs
Upon applied, the module exports the following outputs:

| Name | Description |
| - | - |
| `app_name`|  Application name |
| `provides`| Map of `provides` endpoints |
| `requires`|  Map of `reqruires` endpoints |

## Usage

### Integrating in a higher-level module

> In order to use this module in a higher-level module, ensure that Terraform is aware of its `model` dependency by passing to the `model_name` input the value of the output `juju_model.<model_label>.name`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use this module in a higher-level module, ensure that Terraform is aware of its `juju_model` dependency by passing to the `model_name` input  a reference to the `juju_model` resource's name. For example:
```

Author: Thanks, updated.

```

> resource "juju_model" "kubeflow" {
>   name = kubeflow
> }
> 
> module "argo-controller" {
>   source = "<path-to-this-directory>"
>   model_name = juju_model.kubeflow.name
> }

Reviewer: As the resource label and the name are the same, it might be confusing how it's used as a reference. Made the resource label and the name different values. Perhaps there is a better word that `flow` here which isn't `kubeflow`

```suggestion
resource "juju_model" "flow" {
  name = kubeflow
}

module "argo-controller" {
  source = "<path-to-this-directory>"
  model_name = juju_model.flow.name
}
```

Author: I was thinking about it but decided to go this way too. Let me update this

```

### Applying directly the module from the CLI

> Although not recommended, in order to apply the module directly from the CLI, ensure that a `juju` model has already been created and then manually use its name as the value of the `model_name` input. For example:

Reviewer: This is where a model_data source would be useful, terraform would then expect that the model exists and error if it didn't.

```tf
data "juju_model" "this" {
  name = var.model_name
}
```

Author: You are right that it would help in applying from the CLI but it will block the use of the module in a higher-level module (which is the intended use)

Adding the `data` source as you 're pointing out in combination with
```diff
-  model     = var.model_name
+  model     = data.juju_model.this.name
```
it works as expected when applying from the CLI. But defining a higher-level module is not doable then because the data is evaluated before the `juju_model` resource is applied. For example, the following module
```
resource "juju_model" "kubeflow" {
  name = var.model_name
}

module "argo-controller" {
  source = "../terraform"
  model_name = juju_model.kubeflow.name
}
```
results in this error
```
╷
│ Error: Client Error
│ 
│   with module.argo-controller.data.juju_model.this,
│   on ../terraform/main.tf line 16, in data "juju_model" "this":
│   16: data "juju_model" "this" {
│ 
│ Unable to read model, got error: model "testing" not found

```
